<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" xmlns:cc="http://web.resource.org/cc/" xmlns:itunes="http://www.itunes.com/dtds/podcast-1.0.dtd" xmlns:libsyn="http://libsyn.com/rss-extension" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/" xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#">
    <channel>
        <atom:link href="http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/rss" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml"/>
        <title>The Adventures of General Blue Thunder</title>
        <link><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com]]></link>
        <description><![CDATA[an episodic comedy/adventure radio show]]></description>
        <language>en</language>
        <copyright><![CDATA[]]></copyright>
        <managingEditor>bugmeister20@yahoo.com</managingEditor>
        <pubDate>Sat, 28 Mar 2009 20:49:00 +0000</pubDate>
        <lastBuildDate>Wed, 06 Jun 2012 14:26:38 +0000</lastBuildDate>
        <generator>Libsyn WebEngine</generator>
        <docs>http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com</docs>
        <itunes:author>Kenny DeStefano</itunes:author>
					<itunes:category text="Comedy"/>
				        <itunes:image href="http://assets.libsyn.com/content/2697955.jpg" />
        <itunes:explicit>yes</itunes:explicit>
        <itunes:owner>
            <itunes:name><![CDATA[Kenny DeStefano]]></itunes:name>
            <itunes:email>bugmeister20@yahoo.com</itunes:email>
        </itunes:owner>
        <itunes:summary><![CDATA[The Adventures of General Blue Thunder is an episodic comedy/adventure radio show. The series follows the aging General John "Blue" Thunder as he embarks on perilous quests to save the world from its most deadly threats. ]]></itunes:summary>
        <itunes:subtitle><![CDATA[an episodic comedy/adventure radio show]]></itunes:subtitle>
        <image>
            <url>http://assets.libsyn.com/content/2697955.jpg</url>
            <title>The Adventures of General Blue Thunder</title>
            <link><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com]]></link>
        </image>
        <item>
			<title>Episode 4 -- The Rise of Professor Pulsar</title>
            <link><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/episode-4-the-rise-of-professor-pulsar]]></link>
            <description><![CDATA[

<p class="MsoNormal">Professor Pulsar has planted a nuke somewhere in Hollywood
and time is running out.&nbsp; In order to stop him, Blue Thunder must
reluctantly team up with a hard-boiled FBI agent to track down the location of
the bomb.&nbsp; But is everything as it seems?&nbsp; WARNING: Contains Strong
Language -- Created by Kenny DeStefano and Tim Martin -- Starring: Tim Martin
as General Blue Thunder; Samantha Katorkas as Lt. Fischer; Ryan Yandersits as
Derek Hawkins; Jeremy Sabol as Thompson; Bob Killion as Chadwick Newbury; Tim
Martin as Professor Pulsar; Steve DeStefano as Man with Package; Brian McEwan
as Man; Andrew Costanzo as Bad Guy; and Terrence Breen as Private Roberts --
Art by Evan Kolakowski -- Theme Song by Steve DeStefano
http://www.stevedestefano.com/</p>


]]></description>
            <guid isPermaLink="false"><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder/index.php?post_id=448378#]]></guid>
            <media:thumbnail url="http://assets.libsyn.com/item/1334774" />
            <pubDate>Sat, 28 Mar 2009 20:49:00 +0000</pubDate>
            <itunes:explicit>yes</itunes:explicit>
			<itunes:keywords>of,professor,radio,comedy,action,adventure,general,blue,pulsar,rise,thunder</itunes:keywords>

	<itunes:subtitle><![CDATA[

Professor Pulsar has planted a nuke somewhere in Hollywood
and time is running out.&nbsp; In order to stop him, Blue Thunder must
reluctantly team up with a hard-boiled FBI agent to track down the location of
the bomb.&nbsp; But is everything as it seems?&nbsp; WARNING: Contains Strong
Language -- Created by Kenny DeStefano and Tim Martin -- Starring: Tim Martin
as General Blue Thunder; Samantha Katorkas as Lt. Fischer; Ryan Yandersits as
Derek Hawkins; Jeremy Sabol as Thompson; Bob Killion as Chadwick Newbury; Tim
Martin as Professor Pulsar; Steve DeStefano as Man with Package; Brian McEwan
as Man; Andrew Costanzo as Bad Guy; and Terrence Breen as Private Roberts --
Art by Evan Kolakowski -- Theme Song by Steve DeStefano
http://www.stevedestefano.com/


]]></itunes:subtitle>



            <itunes:duration>56:24</itunes:duration>
            <enclosure length="27072920" type="audio/mpeg" url="http://traffic.libsyn.com/generalbluethunder/Blue_Thunder_Episode_4.mp3" />
			        </item>
        <item>
			<title>Episode 3 -- Voyage to the Center of the Earth</title>
            <link><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/episode-3-voyage-to-the-center-of-the-earth]]></link>
            <description><![CDATA[General Blue Thunder and a team of specialists have less than six hours to drill to the center of the earth and stop its core from overloading with energy.&nbsp; If they fail, it will mean certain doom for the world.&nbsp; But things become complicated when there appears to be a traitor among them. -- WARNING: Contains Strong Language -- Created by Kenny DeStefano and Tim Martin -- Starring: Tim Martin as General Blue Thunder; Vince Nigito as Lt. Patterson; Samantha Katorkas as Lt. Fischer; Tom Rankin as Captain Buckwalter; Jeremy Sabol as Thompson; Bob Killion as Chadwick Newbury; and Anthony Azzolina as Private Johnson -- Art by Evan Kolakowski -- Theme Song by Steve DeStefano http://www.stevedestefano.com/<br/>]]></description>
            <guid isPermaLink="false"><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder/index.php?post_id=428519#]]></guid>
            <media:thumbnail url="http://assets.libsyn.com/item/1334766" />
            <pubDate>Sat, 31 Jan 2009 22:14:00 +0000</pubDate>
            <itunes:explicit>yes</itunes:explicit>
			<itunes:keywords>center,earth,adventures,general,blue,thunder,voayge</itunes:keywords>

	<itunes:subtitle><![CDATA[General Blue Thunder and a team of specialists have less than six hours to drill to the center of the earth and stop its core from overloading with energy.&nbsp; If they fail, it will mean certain doom for the world.&nbsp; But things become complicated when there appears to be a traitor among them. -- WARNING: Contains Strong Language -- Created by Kenny DeStefano and Tim Martin -- Starring: Tim Martin as General Blue Thunder; Vince Nigito as Lt. Patterson; Samantha Katorkas as Lt. Fischer; Tom Rankin as Captain Buckwalter; Jeremy Sabol as Thompson; Bob Killion as Chadwick Newbury; and Anthony Azzolina as Private Johnson -- Art by Evan Kolakowski -- Theme Song by Steve DeStefano http://www.stevedestefano.com/]]></itunes:subtitle>



            <itunes:duration>36:12</itunes:duration>
            <enclosure length="21726167" type="audio/mpeg" url="http://traffic.libsyn.com/generalbluethunder/Blue_Thunder_Episode_3.mp3" />
			        </item>
        <item>
			<title>Episode 2 -- Dawn of the Vampire Apocalypse</title>
            <link><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/episode-2-dawn-of-the-vampire-apocalypse]]></link>
            <description><![CDATA[In the second action-packed installment of the Adventures of General Blue Thunder, General Blue Thunder comes out of retirement one last time to search for an old army buddy who has gone missing.  Little does he know that his hunt will lead him face-to-face with a nest of blood-thirsty vampires, who have bigger plans than they let on. -- WARNING: Contains Strong Language -- Created by Kenny DeStefano and Tim Martin -- Starring: Tim Martin as General Blue Thunder; Vince Nigito as Lt. Patterson; Jeremy Sabol as General Thompson; Bob Killion as Chadwick Newbury; Brian McEwan as Zachariah; Chris Roll as Woods; and Jason Mills as Private Garcia -- Art by Evan Kolakowski -- Theme Song by Steve DeStefano http://www.stevedestefano.com/]]></description>
            <guid isPermaLink="false"><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder/index.php?post_id=416956#]]></guid>
            <media:thumbnail url="http://assets.libsyn.com/item/1334756" />
            <pubDate>Mon, 29 Dec 2008 04:23:00 +0000</pubDate>
            <itunes:explicit>yes</itunes:explicit>
            <itunes:keywords />

	<itunes:subtitle><![CDATA[In the second action-packed installment of the Adventures of General Blue Thunder, General Blue Thunder comes out of retirement one last time to search for an old army buddy who has gone missing.  Little does he know that his hunt will lead him face-to-face with a nest of blood-thirsty vampires, who have bigger plans than they let on. -- WARNING: Contains Strong Language -- Created by Kenny DeStefano and Tim Martin -- Starring: Tim Martin as General Blue Thunder; Vince Nigito as Lt. Patterson; Jeremy Sabol as General Thompson; Bob Killion as Chadwick Newbury; Brian McEwan as Zachariah; Chris Roll as Woods; and Jason Mills as Private Garcia -- Art by Evan Kolakowski -- Theme Song by Steve DeStefano http://www.stevedestefano.com/]]></itunes:subtitle>



            <itunes:duration>29:58</itunes:duration>
            <enclosure length="17986394" type="audio/mpeg" url="http://traffic.libsyn.com/generalbluethunder/Blue_Thunder_Episode_2.mp3" />
			        </item>
        <item>
			<title>Blue Thunder Now Available on iTunes and Youtube</title>
            <link><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/blue-thunder-now-available-on-i-tunes-and-youtube]]></link>
            <description><![CDATA[The Adventures of General Blue Thunder is now available to download as a podcast on iTunes and is also on Youtube:  http://www.youtube.com/user/Bugmeister20]]></description>
            <guid isPermaLink="false"><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/index.php?post_id=416055#]]></guid>
            <media:thumbnail url="http://assets.libsyn.com/item/1334787" />
            <pubDate>Wed, 24 Dec 2008 15:47:00 +0000</pubDate>
            <itunes:keywords />

	<itunes:subtitle><![CDATA[The Adventures of General Blue Thunder is now available to download as a podcast on iTunes and is also on Youtube:  http://www.youtube.com/user/Bugmeister20]]></itunes:subtitle>



        </item>
        <item>
			<title>Theme Song Now Available for Download</title>
            <link><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/theme-song-now-available-for-download]]></link>
            <description><![CDATA[The theme song from the show is now available to download for free at Steve DeStefano's website:  http://www.stevedestefano.com/music-18.html.  While you're there, check out some of his other music.]]></description>
            <guid isPermaLink="false"><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/index.php?post_id=415448#]]></guid>
            <media:thumbnail url="http://assets.libsyn.com/item/1334783" />
            <pubDate>Mon, 22 Dec 2008 17:11:00 +0000</pubDate>
            <itunes:keywords />

	<itunes:subtitle><![CDATA[The theme song from the show is now available to download for free at Steve DeStefano's website:  http://www.stevedestefano.com/music-18.html.  While you're there, check out some of his other music.]]></itunes:subtitle>



        </item>
        <item>
			<title>Episode 1 -- Attack of the Alien Horde</title>
            <link><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder.libsyn.com/episode-1-attack-of-the-alien-horde]]></link>
            <description><![CDATA[In the premiere episode, General John "Blue" Thunder takes on a gang of sinister aliens hell-bent on taking over the world. -- WARNING:  Contains Some Strong Language -- Created by Kenny DeStefano and Tim Martin -- Starring: Tim Martin as General Blue Thunder; Vince Nigito as the Scientist -- Art by Evan Kolakowski -- Theme Song by Steve DeStefano  http://www.stevedestefano.com/]]></description>
            <guid isPermaLink="false"><![CDATA[http://generalbluethunder/index.php?post_id=415068#]]></guid>
            <media:thumbnail url="http://assets.libsyn.com/item/1334744" />
            <pubDate>Sun, 21 Dec 2008 18:01:00 +0000</pubDate>
            <itunes:explicit>yes</itunes:explicit>
			<itunes:keywords>radio,show,comedy,action,adventure,military,series,army,general,blue,thunder</itunes:keywords>

	<itunes:subtitle><![CDATA[an episodic comedy/adventure radio show]]></itunes:subtitle>



            <itunes:duration>8:29</itunes:duration>
            <enclosure length="8155101" type="audio/mpeg" url="http://traffic.libsyn.com/generalbluethunder/Blue_Thunder_Ep._1.mp3" />
			        </item>
    </channel>
</rss>
